Remove elasticsearch 2.4.2 functionality (#50)
ONSdigital/dp-elasticsearch: README.md

# dp-elasticsearch

> Elasticsearch library to create an elasticsearch client to be able to make requests to elasticsearch. Currently the library support elasticsearch 7.10. The version 7.10 uses go-elasticsearch library behind the scenes and this library can be viewed as a wrapper around go-elasticsearch library.  Please follow readme on how to create different versions of client and how to consume these.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch library to create an elasticsearch client to be able to make requests to elasticsearch. Currently the library supports elasticsearch 7.10. The version 7.10 uses go-elasticsearch library behind the scenes and this library can be viewed as a wrapper around go-elasticsearch library.  Please follow readme on how to create a client and how to consume this.  
```

Author: Done
